Docs exposeConfig for LLM connectors (#2437)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/security/ai/set-up-connectors-for-large-language-models-llm.md

You can [connect to LM Studio](/solutions/security/ai/connect-to-own-local-llm.md) to use a custom LLM deployed and managed by you.

## Preconfigured connectors

```{applies_to}
stack: ga 9.0
```

> If you're using {{stack}}, you can also use [preconfigured connectors](kibana://reference/connectors-kibana/pre-configured-connectors.md) to set up an LLM connector. 

Author: ```suggestion
If you're using {{stack}}, you can also use [preconfigured connectors](kibana://reference/connectors-kibana/pre-configured-connectors.md) to set up a third-party LLM connector. 
```
